add quantity of sellers condition (#38)
vtex-apps/condition-layout: docs/README.md

| `specificationProperties`  | List of product specifications currently displayed on the UI. | `{ name: string, value: string }`. Notice: `value` is an optional prop. If omitted, only the specification name (`name`) will be checked. |
| `areAllVariationsSelected` | Whether all product variations currently available on the UI were selected by the user (`true`) or not (`false`). | No arguments are expected. |
| `isProductAvailable`                  | Whether the product is available (`true`) or not (`false`).  | No arguments are expected. |

> | `isSellersMoreThan`                  | Whether the quantity of seller is more than argument passed.  | `{ quantity: number }`|

Reviewer: How about `hasMoreSellersThan`?

Reviewer: @lariciamota and @igorbrasileiro what do you think?

Reviewer 2: That sounds better! 🚀

Author: realy sounds better, I couldn't think of a better name.

> | `hasMoreSellersThan`                  | Whether the quantity of seller is more than argument passed.  | `{ quantity: number }`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `hasMoreSellersThan`                  | Whether the quantity of sellers for the product is more than argument passed.  | `{ quantity: number }`|
```
